##Goals
- [ ] Think about TOML, from JSON
- [ ] 7D data for Yan: C:\Users\user\Videos\Screen Recordings\yan_7D_commitment.mp4
- [ ] GPX project
- [ ] Further develop project file design, and make it backwards compatible given changes
- [ ] Group mapping via group array
- [ ] Inno files streamlines, no excess
- [ ] Refactor Django code to FastAPI
- [ ] Package for PyPi
- [ ] Separate "Import" from "Configure"; file_objects, curve_objects should be able to hold raw GDP; this will allow style changing to not require 
- [ ] Document the CLI, for clarity and not forgetting features that we have built hard to build: make all of them searchable, by possible imbedding markdown symbols among Python code
- [ ] Start a Pavlov blog, via Obsidian Digital Garden, or a competitor.  
- [ ] Make commands and functions very searchable, with interactive documentation. Think new age Microsoft search bar, where every keyword basically works to find you the function you want. 
- [ ] Cut out heavy MSIX stuff.
- [ ] Ensure smooth
- [ ] Make a parallel template for the entire code base, for rolling out digital garden markdown vault, web app code, inno installer exe, github deployment and traking, and pypi wheel file, all form the same codebase.
- [ ] Make the blob secure
- [ ] Fix halfwidth, for thicker datapoint bars

##Implementaton Goals:
- Deploy code in multiple directions
- Windows store, baby, .msix
- PyPi .whl
- Offer .exe download via secure blob reference
- Dare we .deb?
- Github-Vercel web app, with comparable form controls generated from expected local config.
- TOML configuration for local implementation (portable and installed)
- EASY (easy as safe yodling) manual project genration (Document that junt)


##Today:
- Go build a GPX project, and everything that goes with it
- Copy and trim ..\pavlov_exe\ to this new directory.

##Directories
- [[directories/inno\|inno]] is a directory which holds .iss scripts for running in Inno Installer to generate a Setup Installation Exectuable, referencing the contents of the [[directories/dist\|dist]] directory.
- The [[directories/dist\|dist]] directory holds the proper file strucuture to run the Pavlov3D CLI portable EXE. This EXE is generated by running pyinstaller on the [[directories/core\|core]] directory. The user can or must manually place all necessary files and directories (other than the EXE file generated by Pyinstaller in the [[directories/dist\|dist]] directory in order for it to run properly. Inno will wrap everything in the [[directories/dist\|dist] directory as instructed by the .iss file. This additonal content includes the project directory, as it is seen in core. However, core has extra weight in it - what ships with the sample should be clean, and therefore requires manual oversigh rather than copying. Still, tereh should be an easy way to update all config files (grouping, pointer files, toml, json, user input config) without carrying any export or excessive import files. Basically i need a script that will regularly update the sample direcotry from the core directory to the dist directory.